
To view the documentation, go to http://localhost.freshdesk-dev.com:3000/swagger/

To make updates to the API documentation, follow the setup instructions:
- Make sure node and npm are installed
- Move to /swagger folder
- Run `npm install`
- Run command `grunt`
	When this is running, "swagger.json" file gets autogenerated everytime a file inside this folder is edited.

helpkit/swagger contains three folders:
- **Paths:**
	Contains the API specifications for each endpoint
- **Parameters:**
	Contains definitions for generic values in url
- **Definitions:**
	Contains request and response definitions

# Paths
A file named "index.yaml" lists all endpoints and file paths that contain the specs for each endpoint.

For eg:
```
	/tickets/{id}:
		$ref: ./tickets/crud.yaml
```
This indicates that, for any request to the endpoint "/tickets/{id}", the spec is available in "./tickets/crud.yaml"

The specification file (eg: "./tickets/crud.yaml") comprises of the HTTP method(GET, PUT, POST, DELETE), request and response params etc.

*Request params:*
	Its important to specify the location of param in the request - i.e. path/query/body.

*Response params:*
	The response definition for all response codes that apply to this endpoint must go here.

Body params in request and all response params are generally wrapped into definitions and referred here.

# Parameters:
A file named "index.yaml" contains the generic params defintions. For now, only `id` definition in url is being used.

# Definitions:
A file named "index.yaml" lists all definitions and corresponding file paths.

Request and response definitions are organised into different folders:
<dl>
<dt>Error</dt>
	<dd>Contains response structure for different error response codes</dd>
<dt>Request</dt>
	<dd>Contains the request structure (Request param name, type etc.)</dd>
<dt>Resource</dt>
	<dd>If any request/response to an endpoint is a resource, its definition goes here.</dd>
<dt>Response</dt>
	<dd>Contains the response structure (Response param name, type etc.)</dd>
</dl>
After making the relevant changes, make sure to check if swagger.json is generated.
If it is blank, make a dummy edit-save to generate it.

It is mandatory to check in the `swagger.json` along the changes to the yaml files.
Before committing, please visit https://editor.swagger.io and import the generated `swagger.json`. The documentation should be generated on the right without any errors/warnings.

Go to http://localhost.freshdesk-dev.com:3000/swagger/ to see if the changes are reflected.
